For some I go fast for others Im slow. To most people, Im an obsession relying on me is a well practiced lesson.  What am I?&time
Im as big as an elephant, but lighter than a feather. What am I?&wind
A blue house is made of blue bricks. A yellow house is made of yellow bricks. A red house is made of red bricks. An orange house is made of orange bricks. What would a green house be made of?&glass
What is once in a minute, twice in a moment, and never in a thousand years?&letter m
What is it that when you take away the whole, you still have some left over?&wholesome
Read my riddle, I pray. What God never sees, what the king seldom sees, and what we see every day. What is it?&equal
What can be heard and caught but never seen?&remark
Many things can create one, it can be of any shape or size, it is created for various reasons, and it can shrink or grow with time. What is it?&hole
What two things can you never eat for breakfast?&lunch and dinner
What can run but never walks, has a mouth but never talks, has a head but never weeps, has a bed but never sleeps?&water a river
What word can be written forward, backward or upside down, and can still be read from left to right?&noon
They have not flesh, nor feathers, nor scales, nor bone. Yet they have fingers and thumbs of their own. What are they?&gloves
This is as light as a feather, Yet no man can hold it for long. What is it?&breath
What is put on a table, cut, but never eaten?&deck of cards
This old one runs forever, but never moves at all. He has not lungs nor throat, but still a mighty roaring call. What is it?&waterfall
Whoever makes it, tells it not. Whoever takes it, knows it not. And whoever knows it wants it not.&counterfeit money
Samuel was out for a walk when it started to rain. He did not have an umbrella and he wasnt wearing a hat. His clothes were soaked, yet not a single hair on his head got wet. How could this happen?&this man is bald
I come in darkness, but fill the mind with light. I bring enlightenment to some, while gripping others in the hand of fear. With me it can be a journey of inexplicable joy and sorrow. What I will show you will often be unreachable. Journey with me and what you see may haunt you. Journey with me and you may never want to return home. Journey with me and you will never know when it will end. What am I?&dreams
The answer I give is yes, but what I mean is no. What was the question?&do you mind
What can be swallowed, but can also swallow you?&pride
What can go up a chimney down, but cannot go down a chimney up?&umbrella
What never gets any wetter, no matter how much it rains?&sea
No sooner spoken than broken. What is it?&silence
You can spin, wheel and twist, but this thing can turn without moving. What is it?&got milk
When they are caught, they are thrown away. When they escape, you itch all day. What are they?&fleas
You hear it speak, for it has a hard tongue. But it cannot breathe, for it has not a lung. What is it?&bell
What is it that is deaf, dumb and blind and always tells the truth?&mirror
What is the easiest way to throw a ball, and have it stop, and completely reverse direction after traveling a short distance?&toss it in the air
Inside a burning house, this thing is best to make. And best to make it quickly, before the fires too much to take!&haste
What gets whiter the dirtier that it gets?&chalkboard
How high would you have to count before you would use the letter A in the English language spelling of a whole number.&one thousand
Which word in the English language becomes shorter when it is lengthened?&short
He has married many women, but has never been married. Who is he?&preacher
We are little creatures; all of us have different features. One of us in glass is set; one of us youll find in jet. Another you may see in tin, and the fourth is boxed within . If the fifth you should pursue, it can never fly from you. What are we?&we are vowels
You do not want to have it, But when you do have it, You do not want to lose it? What is it?&lawsuit
When they are caught, they are thrown away. When they escape, you itch all day. What are they?&fleas
What is red and blue, and purple and green? No one can reach it, not even the queen?&rainbow
A black dog is sleeping in the middle of a black road that has no streetlights and there is no moon. A car coming down the road with its lights off steers around the dog. How did the driver know the dog was there?&it was daytime
There is an ancient invention still used in some parts of the world today that allows people to see through walls. What is it?&window
At night they come without being fetched, And by day they are lost without being stolen.&stars
What is round on the ends and high in the middle?&ohio
Im so fast you cant see me, Though everyone sees straight through me, I dont stop until the day you die. What am I?&blink of an eye
You have three stoves: a gas stove, a wood stove, and a coal stove, but only one match. Which should you light first?&match
Alice is walking throught the forest of forgetfulness. She wants to know what day of the week it is. She stops and asks a lion and a unicorn. Now the lion lies all of the time on Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday. The unicorn always lies on Thursday, Friday and Saturday.  Alice asks the lion what day it is, he says, "Well, yesterday was one of my lying days." Alice cant figure it out just from the lions answer so she asks the unicorn and the unicorn says, "Yesterday was also one of my lying days." What day is it?&thursday
I have a big mouth and I am also quite loud! I am NOT a gossip but I do get involved with everyones dirty business. Can you name me?&vacuum cleaner
What can burn the eyes, sting the mouth, yet be consumed?&salt
Mountains will crumble and temples will fall, and no man can survive its endless call. What is it?&time
I am served at a table, In gatherings of two or four; Served small, white and round. Youll love some, And thats part of the fun. What am I?&ping pong balls
What always goes to bed with shoes on?&horse
What do you use to hoe a row, slay a foe, and wring with woe?&hands
Who makes it, has no need of it. Who buys it, has no use for it. Who uses it can neither see nor feel it.&coffin
What has no beginning, end, or middle?&doughnut
Be you ever so quick, with vision keen, by your eyes, we are never seen. Unless perchance it should come to pass, you see our reflection in a looking glass.  What are we?&own eyes
Who is it that rows quickly with four oars but never comes out from under his own roof?&turtle
You use it between your head and your toes, the more it works the thinner it grows. What is it?&bar of soap
Here on earth it is true, yesterday is always before today; but there is a place where yesterday always follows today. Where?&in a dictionary
Big as a biscuit, deep as a cup, even a river cant fill it up. What is it?&kitchen strainer
What can bring back the dead; make us cry, make us laugh, make us young; born in an instant yet lasts a life time?&memories
I am the shortest complete sentence in the English language. What am I?&what am i i am
It is said among my people that some things are improved by death. Tell me, what stinks while living, but in death, smells good?&pig
What has one foot on each side and one in the middle?&yardstick
I can be found where anything cannot; dead men eat me all the time, but if a living man eats me, hell die. What am I?&nothing
What kind of rocks does Frankenstein have in his collection?&tombstones
What stays where it is when it goes off?&gun
What goes through the door without pinching itself? What sits on the stove without burning itself? What sits on the table and is not ashamed?&sun
What common English verb becomes its own past tense by rearranging its letters?&eat and ate
What part of the turkey has the most feathers?&outside
Hands she has but does not hold, teeth she has but does not bite, feet she has but they are cold, eyes she has but without sight. Who is she?&doll
Whats the greatest worldwide use of cowhide?&to cover cows
What word contains all of the twenty six letters?&alphabet
What goes up when the rain comes down?&umbrella
Where will you find roads without cars, forests without trees and cities without houses?&on a map
What does man love more than life Fear more than death or mortal strife What the poor have, the rich require, and what contented men desire, What the miser spends and the spendthrift saves And all men carry to their graves?&nothing
What does man love more than life? Fear more than death or mortal strife? What do the poor have, what the rich require, And what contented men desire? What does the miser spend, the spendthrift save, And all men carry to their graves?&nothing
There is a word in the English language in which the first two letters signify a male, the first three letters signify a female, the first four signify a great man, and the whole word, a great woman. What is the word?&heroine
What has roots that nobody sees, and is taller than trees. Up, up it goes, and yet it never grows. What is it?&mountain
I make you weak at the worst of all times. I keep you safe, I keep you fine. I make your hands sweat, and your heart grow cold, I visit the weak, but seldom the bold. What am I?&fears
The more you take, the more you leave behind. What are they?&footprints
Walk on the living, they dont even mumble. Walk on the dead, they mutter and grumble. What are they?&fallen leaves
What gets wetter the more it dries?&towel
You cant keep this until you have given it.&word
The sun bakes them, the hand breaks them, the foot treads on them, and the mouth tastes them. What are they?&grapes
At the sound of me, men may dream, Or stamp their feet. At the sound of me, women may laugh, Or sometimes weep.&music
I have an eye but cannot see. I am stronger and faster then any man alive but have no limbs. What am I?&hurricane
I have four wings, but cannot fly, I never laugh and never cry; On the same spot Im always found, toiling away with little sound. What am I?&holland a windmill
What goes up and never comes down?&age
I have no voice and yet I speak to you, I tell of all things in the world that people do. I have leaves, but I am not a tree, I have pages, but I am not a bride or royalty. I have a spine and hinges, but I am not a man or a door, I have told you all, I cannot tell you more. What am I?&book
I am that which is hunted, and this panes me. Do you dig, Stone? What am I?&quarry
My life can be measured in hours, I serve by being devoured. Thin, I am quick Fat, I am slow Wind is my foe.&candle
Weight in my belly, Trees on my back. Nails in my ribs, Feet I do lack.&ship
You heard me before, Yet you hear me again. Then I die, Til you call me again What am I?&echo
It goes up, but at the same time goes down. Up toward the sky, and down toward the ground. Its present tense and past tense too, come for a ride, just me and you.  What is it?&seesaw
I can be found on a human or beast all people should have one at least I can be any shape or any size and my history youll despise  What Am I?&scar
What is harder to catch the faster you run?&breath
What is it that you ought to keep after you have given it to someone else?&promise
If life gets tough, what do you have that you can always count on?&fingers
A phone rings 9 times, and no one answers it. A horse eats 9 pounds of grain. A bannana grows 9 inches evry day. and the computer gets 9 mail messages every day.  What is always in the above paragraph ^?&letters and words
What kind of coat can be put on only when wet?&coat of paint
Lighter than what I am made of. More of me is hidden than seen.&iceberg
In spring I am gay in handsome array; in summer more clothing I wear; when colder it grows I fling off my clothes; and in winter quite naked appear.  What am I?&tree
What can go up and come down without moving?&temperature
I turn around once. What is out will not get in. I turn around again. What is in will not get out. What am I?&key
What starts with a T, ends with a T, and has T in it?&teapot
Below is a short poem to help you determine the next letter in the sequence that follows:  Both backward and forward I may go  But just one way makes sense Dont you know  So dont be confused, dont be surprised All you must do  Is use your eyes  What comes next?&s
Violet, indigo, blue and green, yellow, orange and red; these are the colors you have seen after the storm has fled.What am I?&rainbow
I have many feathers to help me fly. I have a body and head, but Im not alive. It is your strength which determines how far I go. You can hold me in your hand, but Im never thrown. What am I?&indians  an arrow
What do you serve that you cant eat?&tennis ball
What kind of coat can be put on only when wet?&coat of paint
Until I am measured, I am not known. Yet how you miss me, When I have flown.  What am I?&time
I live in the canopy. I rarely touch the forest floor. I hang upside down all day. I move as slow as a tortoise. My hair is brown and green. I eat tree leaves. Who am i?&toedsloth
What kind of running means walking?&running out of gas
Whats as big as you are yet doesnt weigh an ounce?&shadow
You must keep this thing, its loss will affect your brothers. For once yours is lost, it will soon be lost by others.&temper
Who bought it doesnt need it Who needs it didnt buy it Who ever sees it makes them cry What on earth am i??&coffin
I am always hungry, I must always be fed, The finger I lick Will soon turn red.&fire
Until I am measured, I am not known. Yet how you miss me, When I have flown.&time
I am only useful When I am full, Yet I am always Full of holes.&sponge
Determine what letter should replace the ? at the end:  M M L J A R C C G E P C ?&t
A certain crime is punishable if attempted but not punishable if committed. What is it?&suicide
Never resting, never still. Moving silently from hill to hill. It does not walk, run or trot, All is cool where it is not.  What is it?&sunshine
If a man carried my burden He would break his back. I am not rich, But leave silver in my track.&snail
What goes around the world and stays in a corner?&mail a stamp
I am weightless, but you can see me. Put me in a bucket, and Ill make it lighter. What am I?&hole
Where on Earth do the winds always blow from the South?&north pole
You use a knife to slice my head and weep beside me when I am dead. What am I?&onion
Which word can be placed between the two following words to make two new ones: TABLE - - - - HOUSE&ware
My first is in fish but not in snail, My second is in rabbit but not in tail. My third is in up but not in down, My fourth is in tiara but not in crown. My fifth is in tree you plainly see, My whole a food for you and me. What am I?&fruit
Can you arrange the numbers 1 to 9 in the circles so that each straight line of three numbers totals 18?  {mospagebreak}{mospagebreak}&answer
All about, but cannot be seen, Can be captured, cannot be held, No throat, but can be heard. What is it?&it blows the wind
I make you weak at the worst of all times.  I keep you safe, I keep you fine.  I make your hands sweat, and your heart grow cold,  I visit the weak, but seldom the bold.    Who am I?&fear
What can you catch but not throw?&cold
Three men were walking out one day. Then it started raining hard. They raced 4 blocks to there house. When they got in, one man didnt get his hair wet. They did not have an umbrella, or a hat. How can this be?&he was bald
I am like day,  you can find me near the river any day,  and you can make almost anything out of me.  who am I?&clay
what is brown and stiky and goes round and round&poo
I am taken from a mine, and shut up in a wooden case, from which I am never released, and yet I am used by almost everybody.&pencil lead
The Pope has it but he does not use it. Your father has it but your mother uses it. Nuns do not need it. Your lady friends husband has it and she uses it. What is it?&last name
Captain is to Private as Master is to&slave
With pointed fangs it sits in wait, With piercing force its doles out fate, Over bloodless victims proclaiming its might, Eternally joining in a single bite. What am I?&stapler
I am the creator, through thick and thin, My time is sunset then I begin. Worlds of men and beasts I make, to me these things are not fake. But Over and over I will kill , I am the tirent and creator but not at will. What am I?&sleeping dreamer
I am a box that holds keys without locks, yet they can unlock your soul.  What am I?&piano
As I went across the bridge, I met a man with a load of wood which was neither straight nor crooked. What kind of wood was it?&sawdust
im a container with the inside golden than cant be opened unless im broken!!!&egg
Who spends the day at the window, goes to the table for meals and hides at night?&fly
I am a tree, but I am very small... Who am I?&grass
What has garbage and flies?&garbage truck
Three lives have I. Gentle enough to soothe the skin. Light enough to caress the sky. Hard enough to crack rocks. What am I?&water
its is the beginning of existence and the end of time, its the beginning of everything and the end of space, what am i?&letter e
A fathers child, a mothers child, yet no ones son. Who am I.&their daughter
I am a fathers child and a mothers child, yet I am not a son. Who am I?&their daughter
I dig out tiny caves, and store gold and silver in them. I also build bridges of silver and make crowns of gold. They are the smallest you could imagine. Sooner or later everybody needs my help, yet many people are afraid to let me help them. Who am I?&dentist
When I point up its bright, but when I point down its dark. What am I?&light switch
The rich need it  The poor have it  If you eat it you will die  Who am I&nothing
Im related to you. Im really close to you!  Im your cousins aunt. Who am I?&my mother
The strangest creature youll ever find: Two eyes in front and many many more behind.&peacock
I can be long, or I can be short. I can be grown, and I can be bought. I can be painted, or left bare. I can be round, or square. What am I?&fingernails
I have no legs or arms but I still eat with a fork everyday, What am I?&snake
What fastens two people yet touches only one?&wedding ring
A man but an animal, a horn with two hands. What am I?&minotaur
You can carry it everywhere you go, and it does not get heavy. What is it?&name
I am six letters. When you take one away I am twelve. What am I?&word dozens
Some say we are red, some say we are green. Some play us, some spray us. What are we?&pepper
Mr. and Mrs. Wilson have five children, half of them are boys.How is this possible?&all boys
What falls but doesnt break, and what breaks but doesnt fall?&night and day
what is a triangle with 2 sides?&no such thing
What goes into the water red and comes out black?&redhot poker
I can be cracked, I can be made. I can be told, I can be played. What am I?&joke
what is perfect, pretty, and smart?&anna
I GO UP AND DOWN.... BUT NEVER MOVE. WHO AM I?&stairs
On a fine sunny day a ship was in the harbor. All of a sudden the ship began to sink. There was no storm and nothing wrong with the ship yet it sank right in front of the spectators eyes. What caused the ship to sink?&it was a submarine
One by one we come to life and side by side we wait, while our company swells in number some come early some come late. Some will bore you, some enthrill, but you can not choose between us, you must take us one and all, because were bound together tightly and were naught if we break free; if you want some clues about us simply answer who are we?&chapters
No legs have I to dance, No lungs have I to breathe, No life have I to live or die And yet I do all three. What am I?&fire
I am the black child of a white father, a wingless bird, flying even to the clouds of heaven. I give birth to tears of mourning in pupils that meet me, even though there is no cause for grief, and at once on my birth I am dissolved into air.  Who am I?&smoke
What goes into the water black and comes out red?&lobster
People walk on me day and night. I never sleep...... Who am I?&sidewalk
Here on Earth its always true, that a day follows a day. But there is a place where yesterday always follows today!&in a dictionary
I have two arms, but fingers none. I have two feet, but cannot run. I carry well, but I have found I carry best with my feet OFF the ground. What am I?&wheelbarrow
When one does not know what it is, then it is something; but when one knows what it is, then it is nothing.&riddle
A dad and son are in a car accident  and the dad dies instantly  and the son gets sent to hospital...    The doctors have to operate on him, but one of the doctors turns around and says, "I cant operate on him.... hes my son. "  Who am I??&his mother
I make you weak at the worst of times but in the ned i keep you safe, You will sweat in my presience even as you grow cold, i dwell with the weak and easily the brave but with out me who could tell the difference. Who am I?&fear
How Far Can You Walk into the woods?&halfway
What has a head, a tail, is brown, and has no legs?&penny
You can take off all of my skin and I will not cry but YOU will Why ?&onion
I am a fruit. I taste very yummy. I came from trees, ofcourse. I am color orange. What am I?&orange
Im a god, a planet, and measurer of heat. Who am I?&mercury
Who are the two brothers who live on opposite sides of the road yet never see each other?&eyes
What force and strength cannot get through I with a gentle touch can do, And many in the street would stand were I not a friend in hand.&key
I can be created by humans, but they cannot control me. I suck on wood, paper and flesh alike. I can be more of a hindrance than help. To my creators, I seem to be everywhere at once.  What am I?&baby
I am the beginning of sorrow, and the end of sickness. You cannot express happiness without me, yet I am in the midst of crosses. I am always in risk, yet never in danger. You may find me in the sun, but I am never out of darkness.&letter s
I say everything I hear to others around. Im not an animal, nor part of the human race. I will, immediately, repeat after you; But only if my tail is in place. What am I?&microphone
When you stop and look, you can always see me. If you try to touch you cannot feel me. I cannot move, but as you near me, I will move away from you. What am I?&horizon
As a whole, I am both safe and secure. Behead me, and I become a place of meeting. Behead me again, and I am the partner of ready. Restore me, and I become the domain of beasts. What am I?&stable
Im not really more than holes tied to more holes; Im strong as good steel, though not as stiff as a pole. What am I?&steel chain
Round as a button, Deep as a well. If you want me to talk, You must first pull my tail.  What am I?&bell
If a man carried my burden he would break his back. I am not big but leave silver in my tracks. What am I?&snail
What is once in a minute, twice in a moment, and never in a thousand years?&letter m
Almost everyone sees me without noticing me, For what is beyond is what he or she seeks. What am I?&window
Im the part of the bird thats not in the sky. I can swim in the ocean and yet remain dry. What am I?&shadow
In marble walls as white as milk, Lined with skin as soft as silk, Within a fountain crystal clear, A golden apple does appear. No doors are there to this stronghold-- Yet thieves break in and steal the gold.&egg
What kind of storm is always in a rush?&hurricane
I am the fountain from which no one can drink. For many I am considered a necessary link. Like gold to all I am sought for, But my continued death brings wealth for all to want more. .What am I?&oil
What sport has four letters, is played all around the world, and begins with a T?&golf
What is that which goes with a carriage, comes with a carriage, is of no use to a carriage, and yet the carriage cannot go without it?&noise
What can run but never walks, has a mouth but never talks, has a head but never weeps, has a bed but never sleeps?&river
When I am young I am tall. When I am old I am short.  What can I be?&fire a candle
My voice is tender, my waist is slender and Im often invited to play. Yet wherever I go I must take my bow or else I have nothing to say. What am I?&violin
What kind of can never needs a can-opener?&pelican
A cloud was my mother, the wind is my father, my son is the cool stream, and my daughter is the fruit of the land. A rainbow is my bed, the earth my final resting place, and Im the torment of man.&rain
I have a little house in which I live all alone. It has no doors or windows, and if I want to go out I must break through the wall.&chick in an egg
Why did the Indian chief wear so many feathers?&to keep his wigwam
Some try to hide, some try to cheat, but time will show, we always will meet. Try as you might, to guess my name, I promise youll know, when you I do claim. Who am I?&death
What is so fragile that when you say its name you break it?&silence
What has a head, a tail, is brown, and has no legs?&penny
What is round as a dishpan, deep as a tub, and still the oceans couldnt fill it up?&sieve
If you spell out all the numbers, how far do you have to go until you use the letter a?&one thousand
I fly, yet I have no wings. I cry, yet I have no eyes. Darkness follows me; lower light I never see.&cloud
My voice rises above the din, Sometimes catching all unaware. I never ask questions, yet get many answers.&doorbell
I can flutter and take your breath away. I can take a beating, but do not bruise. If I stopped you would be sure to lose. Everyday I am with you. What am I?&heart
I herald the darkness which descends on all creatures; You will know my approach by moans and wracked features. I visit the hippo, hyena, and horse, But never go near snails and spiders, of course. I would circle the glove, leaping one to the other, Should all the worlds people ever clasp hands together.  What am I?&yawn
If you are a velophile, what is it that you love?&bicycle
My thunder comes before the lightning; My lightning comes before the clouds; My rain dries all the land it touches. What am I?&volcano
They can trickle down, They can tickle too. Or make you sneeze, Or comfort you. Their rustling sound, youve rarely heard, Unless youre a pillow or a bird!  What are they?&feathers
What has to be broken before it can be used?&egg
Its been around for millions of years, but its no more than a month old. What is it?&moon
A fathers child, a mothers child, yet no ones son. Who am I?&daughter
life after death it repeats its self, green to brown it is neither men nor women. what am I?&tree
What has no heart Yet is alive? It never moves People stab it with knives.&tree
A fathers child, a mothers child, yet no ones son. Who am I?&their daughter
You pick it, You peel the outside, You cook the inside, You eat the outside, And throw away the inside.  What am I?&corn
what is black when clean and white when dirty?&chalkboard
I come at the end of time and at the start of eternitiy. I come four times in every week, but only once in a thousand years. What am I?&letter e